Mr. Zhang really achieved this
How is that possible?
What evil method did he use in the king's mansion?
Just got on this teacher's day
That's not going to happen.
Teacher's Day is as heavy as a thousand dollars for practitioners
How could he have crossed over so easily?
My strength is second only to Master Qingfeng
I can't even step out
How could he be?
After time
The micro-pressure of the Kunlun treasure mirror is even more terrifying
Grind mortals into basic
So how did he do it?
Is impossible
Zhang Shoucheng is not only intact
Walking so easily
How is that possible?
These 20 steps
This is the extent to which the old Buddha cave is laborious.
This he is still going up
Could it be that this city guard
Can you really step on these 28 steps?
This is impossible
24 knots is the limit of a cliff stumble
Rescue 25 lost three grandmasters
Reasonable to enter
He is a waste
How is it possible to step into this 26 verses?
Verse 27 This is the old man
It's too high to bear alone.
Is it true that Mr. Zhong said he was destined?
No, no.
Bajie Zhang Shoucheng is just a waste who carries a big gang
How is that possible?
You see the moon and the stars up there.
Fairy Descent
Could it be that
Do they all want to see Zhang Shoucheng step into the 28th step?
It's impossible to reach level 28